[C++]
code/c++/template.cpp	C++ Template
code/c++/bits.cpp	Bits Manipulation
code/c++/random.cpp	Random
code/c++/other.cpp	Other

[Strings]
code/strings/aho_corasick.cpp	Aho Corasick
code/strings/hashing.cpp	Hashing
code/strings/kmp.cpp	KMP
code/strings/lyndon_factorization.cpp	Lyndon Factorization
code/strings/manacher.cpp	Manacher
code/strings/suffix_array.cpp	Suffix Array
code/strings/suffix_automaton.cpp	Suffix Automaton
code/strings/trie.cpp	Trie
code/strings/z_function.cpp	Z-Function

[Graph algorithms]
code/graphs/2_sat.cpp	2-SAT
code/graphs/bellman_ford.cpp	Bellman Ford
code/graphs/binary_lifting.cpp	Binary Lifting
code/graphs/centroid_decomposition.cpp	Centroid Decomposition
code/graphs/cycle_detection.cpp	Cycle Detection
code/graphs/dijkstra.cpp	Dijkstra
code/graphs/euler_path_directed.cpp	Euler Path Directed
code/graphs/euler_path_undirected.cpp	Euler Path Undirected
code/graphs/floyd_warshall.cpp	Floyd Warshall	
code/graphs/heavy_light_decomposition.cpp	Heavy Light Decomposition
code/graphs/kruskal.cpp	Kruskal
code/graphs/tarjan.cpp	Tarjan
code/graphs/topo_sort.cpp	Topo Sort

[Flows]
code/flows/dinic.cpp    Dinic
code/flows/kuhn.cpp Kuhn
code/flows/min_cost_max_flow.cpp    Min-Cost Max-Flow
code/flows/push_relabel.cpp Push Relabel

[Data Structures]
code/data-structures/dsu.cpp	Disjoint Set Union
code/data-structures/dsu_with_rollbacks.cpp	DSU with Rollbacks
code/data-structures/fenwick.cpp	Fenwick Tree
code/data-structures/merge_sort_tree.cpp	Merge Sort Tree
code/data-structures/monotonic_deque.cpp	Monotonic Deque
code/data-structures/mos.cpp	Mo's Algorithm
code/data-structures/mos_with_updates.cpp   Mo's with Updates
code/data-structures/ordered_set.cpp	Ordered Set
code/data-structures/segment_tree_2d.cpp	Segment Tree 2D
code/data-structures/segment_tree_beats.cpp	Segment Tree Beats
code/data-structures/segment_tree_lazy.cpp	Segment Tree Lazy
code/data-structures/segment_tree_persistent.cpp    Segment Tree Persistent
code/data-structures/segment_tree.cpp	Segment Tree
code/data-structures/sparse_table.cpp	Sparse Table
code/data-structures/sqrt_decomposition.cpp	Sqrt Decomposition
code/data-structures/treap_implicit.cpp	Treap Implicit
code/data-structures/treap.cpp	Treap

[Math]
code/math/binary_exponentiation.cpp	Binary Exponentiation
code/math/binomial_coefficient.cpp	Binomial Coefficient
code/math/bitwise_and_convolution.cpp	Bitwise AND Convolution
code/math/bitwise_or_convolution.cpp	Bitwise OR Convolution
code/math/bitwise_xor_convolution.cpp	Bitwise XOR Convolution
code/math/catalan_nums.cpp	Catalan Numbers
code/math/euler_totient.cpp	Euler Totient
code/math/extended_euclidean.cpp	Extended Euclidean
code/math/fft.cpp	FFT
code/math/fractions.cpp	Fractions
code/math/gcd_convolution.cpp	GCD Convolution
code/math/lcm_convolution.cpp	LCM Convolution
code/math/matrix_expo_kth_term.cpp	Matrix Exponentiation Kth Term
code/math/matrix_expo.cpp	Matrix Exponentiation
code/math/miller_rabin.cpp	Miller Rabin
code/math/mobius_function.cpp	Mobius Function
code/math/mod_int.cpp	Modular Int
code/math/ntt.cpp	NTT
code/math/pascal_triangle.cpp	Pascal Triangle
code/math/sieve_linear.cpp	Sieve Linear
code/math/sieve.cpp	Sieve
code/math/sieve_segmented.cpp	Sieve Segmented

[Dynamic Programming]
code/dynamic-programming/convex_hull_trick.cpp	Convex Hull Trick
code/dynamic-programming/edit_distance.cpp	Edit Distance
code/dynamic-programming/knapsack_01_optimization.cpp	Knapsack 01 Optimization
code/dynamic-programming/lcs.cpp	Longest Common Subsequence
code/dynamic-programming/lis.cpp	Longest Increasing Subsequence
code/dynamic-programming/sos.cpp	Sum Over Subsets

[Geometry]
code/geometry/geometry_template_2d.cpp	Template 2D
code/geometry/geometry_template_3d.cpp  Template 3D
code/geometry/formulas.cpp	Formulas
code/geometry/angular_sweep.cpp	Angular Sweep
code/geometry/check_parallelism.cpp	Check Parallelism
code/geometry/check_perpendicularity.cpp	Check Perpendicularity
code/geometry/circle_line_intersection.cpp	Circle-Line Intersection
code/geometry/closest_pair.cpp	Closest Pair
code/geometry/convex_hull.cpp	Convex Hull
code/geometry/equation_of_line.cpp	Equation of Line
code/geometry/half_plane_intersection.cpp   Half Plane Intersection
code/geometry/line_intersection.cpp	Line Intersection
code/geometry/planar_graph.cpp	Planar Graph
code/geometry/point_inside_polygon_linear.cpp	Point Inside Polygon Linear
code/geometry/point_inside_polygon.cpp	Point Inside Polygon Optimized
code/geometry/polygon_area.cpp	Polygon Area

[Miscellaneous]
code/miscellaneous/coordinate_compression.cpp	Coordinate Compression
code/miscellaneous/isomorphism_rooted.cpp	Isomorphism Rooted
code/miscellaneous/isomorphism_unrooted.cpp	Isomorphism Unrooted
code/miscellaneous/max_subarray_sum.cpp	Max Subarray Sum
code/miscellaneous/parallel_binary_search.cpp   Parallel Binary Search
code/miscellaneous/small_to_large.cpp	Small to Large
code/miscellaneous/ternary_search_2d.cpp	Ternary Search 2D
code/miscellaneous/ternary_search.cpp	Ternary Search